Add documentation for SynthonSpaceSearch. (#8293)
rdkit/rdkit: Docs/Book/GettingStartedInPython.rst

For example, preparing the current REAL database (2024-09) of 70 billion compounds can take several hours.  It is
therefore strongly recommended that the binary database is created before use.

The fingerprints are written to the DB file, which means that the file must be searched using exactly the same type
in order to get meaningful results.  This will be checked at runtime.  You may need to keep several versions of the
database, labelled accordingly.

.. doctest::

  >>> fpgen = rdFingerprintGenerator.GetRDKitFPGenerator(fpSize=2048)
  >>> synthonspace.BuildSynthonFingerprints(fpgen)
  >>> dbFile = "amide_library_rdkit.spc"
  >>> synthonspace.WriteDBFile(dbFile)

There is also a convenience function for performing the conversion in one go:

.. doctest::

  >>> fpgen = rdFingerprintGenerator.GetMorganGenerator(fpSize=2048)
  >>> rdSynthonSpaceSearch.ConvertTextToDBFile(textFile, dbFile, fpgen)

although under the hood it does exactly the same steps.

The binary database is read using the appropriate function:

.. doctest::

  >>> synthonspace.ReadDBFile(f"{RDBASE}/Code/GraphMol/SynthonSpaceSearch/data/idorsia_toy_space_a.spc")

Memory Usage
============

> The 2024-09 REAL database requires about 10GiB of RAM, FreedomSpace 2024-09 about 3.5GiB.  They should both therefore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 2024-09 REAL database requires about 10GB of RAM, FreedomSpace 2024-09 about 3.5GB.  They should both therefore
```

Author: I'm not too fussed either way given the extreme approximate rounding, but the OS does report GiB rather than GB.

be searchable on an average laptop.

Substructure Searching
======================

Any query molecule can be used for substructure searching.  The full set of query features supported by the RDKit is
allowed.  However, queries that use recursive SMARTS or other more complicated features may be noticeably slower.
Results are returned in a `rdSynthonSpaceSearch.SearchResults` object.

.. doctest::

  >>> spc = rdSynthonSpaceSearch.SynthonSpace()
  >>> spc.ReadDBFile(f"{RDBASE}/Code/GraphMol/SynthonSpaceSearch/data/idorsia_toy_space_a.spc")
  >>> qmol = Chem.MolFromSmarts("s1cccc1C(=O)Cn1nn(c(-c)c1)")
  >>> results = spc.SubstructureSearch(qmol)
  >>> print(f"Number of hits : {len(results.GetHitMolecules())}")
  Number of hits : 50

Substructure searches should take no more than a few seconds on a machine with average performance, although this will

> depend on the generality or otherwise of the query and the number of hits returned.  The search can be given an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
depend on the generality and complexity of the query and the number of hits returned.  The search can be given an
```

optional parameters object that can control various aspects of the search:

.. doctest::

  >>> params = rdSynthonSpaceSearch.SynthonSpaceSearchParams()
  >>> params.maxHits = 10
  >>> params.timeOut = 10
  >>> results = spc.SubstructureSearch(qmol, params=params)
  >>> print(f"Number of hits : {len(results.GetHitMolecules())}")
  Number of hits : 10

> The timeout is specified in seconds; if the given time is exceeded results found thus far will be returned.  The method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The timeout is specified in seconds; if the given time is exceeded, all results found thus far will be returned.  The method
```
